Y
hello to all 726 kids and in this
video I will bring a protector of
screen for your desktop the
protector itself is going to rain down a
storm on our screen and good
I see how I have this background and the
true that applying this effect we give
a nice touch to the desk so you
I'm going to show you a little
reign screensaver and good to leave the
download link worth is this page
you simply give it to download and good
you have more screensavers and so on
you can download
good once downloaded and so on
we execute this file that we
will appear
and it will charge us
this as it says no it's loading
the installation wizard will disappear
we give the next
we say do not install this browser he
will you choose?
uninstall because there are you I do not
managed to install we give the next one
new we accept we omit this step you
we give to next and now as you can
see is downloading and running
OK
we are going to visit it a little and I think this
goes quickie
if it's going to take a little
well, I would already give it to
close now
and we would lack another assistant
installation is worth then we give it to month
and we accept and here we select the
where I want to install it I go
to choose another place that I already had
assigned for this program
month to month and good here tells us to believe
an icon on the desktop and what else
we leave by default all inés
Finalize
from phoenix
well he has installed a few plugins
installed from the barrel and although I do not know by
no one has installed me
but I 'll show you what it is
I'm going to show you what has most
Discharged
if we want others then this you can
install if outside
if you were out there
wrong as this as you see is what has
let this is the executable for
download the babylon is worth it is this
new browser and this the pc speed
Maximize good not to be a pain in the ass
well here as you see it is now
the page through
Y
and good these two if you want
uninstalling them has nothing to do with
the program
the truth that in fact I'm going to
uninstall
according to the video
and well let's execute what is the
rain writes
good as you can see now not
nothing happens agree what we have
What to do is come click on the button
right customize and protection
screen
I see you I have not assigned any
screen saver and good the only thing
that I have is the stock there is here and
here comes the comb screensaver vale
then we give preview
so that to see how it is
and I do not know if I already appreciate 'aces' the sound
of rain and if you see some small drop
you can see it on the bottom of the desk and
the rest
well this is what the background would be
I'm going to leave you for a little while so
you see the effect that makes the truth
which is nice to me
on those winter evenings I do not know
like to hear the rain the truth
think nice
the truth that the effect is the effect
is very currado what are the
lightning brakes and other sound
be very well set everything and nothing this
would be what is the program that I have
brought today and the only thing that would be
set it up your way
Wait for minutes and others
show the login screen
to resume when the start is displayed
status screen in sound and others and
good we will apply the changes and
we would accept good I in this case not what
I'm going to get good this would be all for
this video I hope you liked it and
I have served and greetings to all
saying
and